======== SAMPLE 1 ========
“” his words, and he stared at him grimly.
He was just as confused as he was. “Professor Aronnax,” he said, “did you
not tell me this was a game?” For some reason I thought that it seemed
necessary to question him. But Professor Summerlee was already going on
what, exactly, was the point of bothering him? “I am here,” I replied, “and I
want to know exactly what this game means to me.”

“And” said the young captain, “what game do you suppose is it for any
partie?”

“That game, if you like, and I have a plan to attack.”

“Right. I see,” the captain replied, “all right. Come along, and
if you come along, I will attack you. What I really want is something
like a game—or a chance to go out into the world.”

“True,” I went on, “there was a game-theoretic game called
the 'Game of War,'” and Professor Summerlee put his hand on his
neck, to show me for my age.

“You see,” he was thinking, “I am a mere little girl like
you.”

“Well, it is no great game. I mean it to play with myself. I think
that, if we had a chance of winning, we should give it a try,
and if the situation could only be so very favourably at our own
need, we should play the game, and then find out what had been
possible, and tell the captain what it meant. In that case he would
be content to let us leave it to him, and keep the details for himself
and for his own amusement.”

“Good!” I said; “in that case we would have one more chance of
getting some game we had not to keep for ourselves.”

“You’ve been pretty good at such games, Professor Summerlee,” the
captain said. “Of that I’ve no doubt, but I suppose we could use
the game very well, and, seeing that we had no choice, let us take
our chances.”

“But my dear sir,” I replied, “if you don’t want to give it up we
wouldn’t risk it.”

“Right,” Captain Roxton laughed, “because it is not worth while to keep
it for ourselves. It’s very dangerous. You have to go out and play a
game of your own, and I beg you, at your own risk, to be quite reasonable.
You aren’t to give up a game of your own like that, and if you do give it up
we have no reason, and I ask you to observe that my friend
Roxton doesn’t think there are any games in the world where the
parties have a great opportunity to exploit you for their own ends.”

Professor Summerlee stared at me for a moment of silence.

“Not quite so,” said the French-Canadian.

“What’s my question?”

“Your question?”

“And one more day. As you know, the game of war has very little
chance of success, and in this case the danger outweighs the
advantage. So it is not worth keeping.”

I had assumed for some time that it was better for the French than for
the English. But I had the impression that they might be inclined to
do the same, that the danger might be too great to allow them to exploit
me for any great advantage. I had already begun to think that the
France might be inclined to try every loophole in my game. And
I knew, as I was about to be put in the game, that I was in no
danger, that I would never risk that chance again, even if I had
only made a few mistakes. I would have told all the crew, had
I been asked. I promised to keep the matter simple. I had no
confidence that they would take any chances in any situation, that they
wouldn’t want to destroy my game, if that were so. If they would
rather have me keep it, they would have a fair chance that it would be
fair.”

The captain went on the contrary, saying that it was more likely that he
might make a mistake than that
