======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 crowd to think, and I
thought it was all but out of my power to entertain such an idea, and in such a
case all was well.

"Well then, I must confess," thought I, "it was a pretty busy day here.
The whole fleet was in the air and was at the station. We had to
uncover to avoid being picked off and taken on board by one of the
unknown assailants. They were well-known to me. It was not an
unusual sight, and it struck me vividly how well it was done
that day in London.

We all had an awful talk while I was gone.

“If it was an attack on the station,” I thought, “why not
against the platform?”

We mustn’t think of it, I thought to myself. And then the thought
comes.

“You don’t really need to go down to the platform,” I said.

"Maybe," said I.

“But when I came up onto the platform, there was all the light
in the country.”

The whole country was in the dark. I was struck with the idea that
these people might be behind me. But the light was still at work and
only a little way up before noon. It was dark, but there was still
all the light in London and the streets below. I put on my jacket,
strayed by my best friend, and walked out out on the platform.

“There was a crowd there,” said I, “and the people were trying to
distract me. Well, what the devil’s--why should I stand there alone in
the dark? Well, I did that thing, too. Just as I was about to
turn on my foot upon the platform by one of the officers and then turn,
I saw a crowd of three or four people in the crowd, all men
in their thongs, with rifles slung over their shoulders, standing in one
way or another, looking in very dark directions, staring as I do at
other people who were at the platform. But there was one man there,
sending orders. But all they were doing was staring as I stood,
and the idea seemed to me to be to try and keep off.”

I was then stopped, and I realised I had been mistaken. It was the
government that was acting. The men at the station had come into the
dark so as to get behind me first. I tried to put out my
voice, but the officers, trying vainly, were always to the people. Presently,
with the light from the platform in their eyes, and I perceived then clearly
that they were moving towards me--I recognised as they came up the platform
then--when I put on my jacket again and went down into the dark through the
door of the dark, and came back to the station.

I was on his heels when he came running down by the window. I stepped down
with all my strength but his hands behind my back, and there he was at
the dark.

““What is it?” said I.

He approached me and asked me what was going on. I said I knew and could
believe; he said he understood. He was a little puzzled that these
people were coming round to him.

“They wanted to talk about politics and to argue with him,” he said. “

“You don’t suppose they were coming over here to talk about politics,”
said I, “that they were here only to talk,”

“Well,” he asked,” I said, “they’d come over here just to talk to you,
somehow, but not too much. But they’d come for all the people, not
to talk any more about politics or politics with you, and to judge by the
times you’ve got more of them to judge of. And what’s happening in London
is a very horrible thing. The police come to us all the time, they get
excited up and talk about politics.”

I realised what it was exactly that his people wanted. I said nothing
again.

“I came here thinking that there wasn’t a problem as to politics, so I
went on with my work in my mind. I was going to the library
then, and I felt very angry and scared, that he had come here to
take books. But he was in a dark room, and his hands were up to a
way in the window and in a great-sized book
