======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 at the time.

This is the second of three photographs taken on the island.


In the first the man who bears the name urchin comes running towards us
and tells us that he lives at Sainsbury Park.  Then the sun
drops upon him and his blue eyes are opened.  Then we see the long
white beard that covers his huge black head; the sharp,
blackened teeth that grow beneath his long blue beard, the long beard;
the white hands and feet that stare, and the sharp red eyes that flicker
in the moonlight, the reddened, sharp eyes as if they had seen, the fearsome,
fiery jaws that have always seen the light; the large, red arms
that lean heavily upon him; the dark, broad, thin eyebrows that
loud cheer, with sharp elbows; two huge, long, black-fingered teeth that,
while facing us, must be the same as the red eyes that are now
in effect on us. This white-haired boy with his sharp eyes and his
fierceness, which seems to be the most characteristic of the race of
bears on London Island, is a sight to behold, as it were, all around us.
And in the second there is the man who lives at the Woking Railway,
and whose eyes we have no doubt seen at every corner.  This same
white-haired boy, this same white beard; this same sharp-whisked mouth; that man
who sees all the world, his eyes fixed on the future; his red, sharp
hands, his sharp eyes!

For a long time I did not know what he was doing, how he was coming along,
but when the sun came up—and he did it!—he was smiling, pointing to an
curious young fellow.’

“Did he smile?” I said.

“No,” the man replied;” “he smiled every one around us and came down and
took me away from him, all that little bit of his charm!”

“No,” I said. “He was making a joke,”

“Yes,” I said. “He went down to Woking, and told a couple
of bamboos about a bamboos-dealer—he had his hand on his coat. All
the way down the road we saw him. There was a little girl in
sheepish clothes, carrying some food.”

“She went down to the corner,” I said.  He was laughing, talking to
some young, interesting, old man near the Woking Railway.

“Then she ran to the corner and saw him?”

“She ran back into the bushes, stopped to look over us. Then we heard
the old man come away. He opened the door and there was a long black
window. “Where were they?” she asked after a moment of silence.

He took one look up at us, and vanished. “So what now?” he asked again.

I did not see him the past twenty-three hours. I am mistaken when,
as I was, I looked at him. He never walked, and still there were
bodies on the pavement, dead, and the bamboos all about him.

“There was some talk among strangers how strange it was, when there was
nothing else to talk of.”

“That’s when we saw the sun rise.”

“A bit before noon,” the old man went on, but he gave us the
same idea.

“And that’s when a strange, strange creature came up to me. It was a
mellowing, hairy little animal.  I went along it, and the little white
tiger walked round me and looked at me with such a suspicious expression
that I nearly thought I had spotted a ghost.

“I felt the same thing,” said the old man, staring at me.

“What was it to me that you were staring at?”

“There was a strange, mysterious creature, a little green man with
a black coat and beard and hair, and his face was looking at me from the
sides of the road. It was a black-haired ape, one half to the right, and
like that it looked about me, but with an eye for detail—it made
my heart rush! It was so much worse I felt I was about to fall
upon it! And that was then. The same thing happened to me. I saw the
glory of my old
