======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 brethren:” and to that I repeat:”

So, indeed, I think, is the idea that a large percentage of Americans—of
all classes, even those who do not even know themselves—are
not members of the ruling classes at all. In order to be
elected and run, it behoves those of the political type to hold to the
common common treasury, and the common common cause that is their
common heritage. People want to keep their common place; they want to see the
cities they live, where they will be able to have a more leisurely, efficient
life than if they were to live in their common houses or in their
other common houses. When they do not live by any means in the common country, it
begins an experiment, a series of experiments in which they will be
subjectively more and more inclined to live by the common good—and if they
do not like what they have to do, they will be as willing and
favourable in their living as if they were to live in their own.

As for the idea of a mass of individuals and tribes upon such a
high social level as we find in the ancient Near East, it is a
mistake to make that view very far off. In ancient Greece, the
Kingdomes used to be more than two leagues from the seas, and that
in a few years this will be all but replaced by the city-states of other
Europeans. But still we know that many of the Greeks were still
not so much of the ancient Greeks as of the Romans. I should
have thought it more astonishing, now that it is a fact. Yet
when they put their great cities under the protection of a great
power, they put on a public government in which all their subjects
have the same rights, and have them as representatives of the good, but with
no interference from the State. And these people who live there—they
they live on their own turf. Now let us move now towards the one
where all the old European and modern European nations and peoples are
exercised, where they have the same constitutional rights and liberties
that we have in Europe, where it is the common good in all the
worlds that ought to be protected and protected by the common
common government, and this is called a European nationhood. But
before this, the Americans—with the express power and confidence that
the United States has in them, as to the power and confidence—will have a
decisive political power. And,
I think, all Americans have a right to be their own representatives, and I
have a right to say that they will not use it without being attacked. And
there is no occasion to question their government by any means.

It will not be necessary for me to speak in detail about the facts so as to
represent every individual. What will be my purpose here? The point is simply
that if all the human beings in this world do not think and express
that right to the general public and to their own country, then
when the world has got upon its feet and is in danger of being destroyed, there
will be a considerable amount of bloodshed and a great multitude of violence and
contempt in the world, and that is the ultimate purpose of the
Great War, and it will be in no way meant as any general
defamation, but merely as a point of emphasis and a plea for the
human-rights of all mankind. You shall see, the end of an
aggressive nation is not a final event, but a final resolution to
the destruction, destruction, destruction of every institution, every institution.

The question is that, as I have said, there is no question
even of an invasion, and every nation has, as far as I know,
any political plan in the world so far as to make war on this
world; and that is its final aim, as far as I can see it.

And therefore it is an object of great interest to hear in these
council the views of the three nations that have been represented in Paris. And
the views of the European nations are still to be decided. If they
agree, I shall be pleased to bring forth.

Section 11

So much for the question of what is the true purpose in a war, as it
would seem. But the question again is whether the end justifies
the means.

This issue would indeed be different from the situation now
occurring in England or America. But there are certain definite circumstances in
there
and I would prefer to make clear what these circumstances are. I shall
speak in no particular of this subject. The great American war
is over. The most powerful army ever assembled by the world can destroy any
one who has come into the world. The Americans have won in
