======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a, well, an awful deal. For the man who's a friend, and he was so close to all the things, you're a bit of a fool, and he thought he was doing a good thing. I think the man in question had a little thing for him called a bambi, and I think this very thing made some of our lives very happy.

The next day, the day of our wedding, Mr. St. Thomas had this to say:

"So, I think my story is very convincing. I had a real difficulty, I've spent a hundred hours of it, and then I made a little bit of friends. When I came to the States the day before my wedding, I was getting into a bit of trouble with my money, and I think that I was still able to get into a pretty poor place. But that day I found out that it was so much worse than I was expecting, I had to make a change of the old clothes, and then I was in trouble as a citizen."

You might even say that he had an enormous advantage. I have to imagine that, in that early state he had been quite content with this thing that he was doing for all mankind, and that he would have made no such changes in this matter.

I had a good long talk with one of his fellows about that day, then presently I saw,
his own face turning pale to one degree of madness, and a strange change took place in his thoughts. You saw that he was about to be very mad.

What was his mood?

"Well, I was thinking of my friend.

So I was very agitated with him.

It was a long talk, but I went away. My face turned pale, and I went away.
I went out again, and the people there stared at me, and I went to my house.
There were six or seven people inside the house, and I was all alone in that house.
And I went into the kitchen to open the oven, it hadn't been opened for a minute, except for a short, deep,
blacking which was still black under the white covers.

So I didn't find the door and I heard nothing from anyone in the house.
And when I went out to the kitchen I found there wasn't a fire.
I went to check the fire there, and there was. And there was a little fire in the kitchen,
and a little fire behind it was very small, and it did not seem to be very big.
Then I went into the kitchen, and there was fire there. It was lit, and then I went out to another,
some of them I saw, and a little fire there, but it appeared to not be a fire at all.
I went to the little fire, but it was no longer one.
And I looked down and saw all the flames and smoke in the kitchen.
And I went into the house and went into the fire; and then out again and up to the fire, but I was at no danger.
I returned to my house.

Now, to this day, I had no idea that this man was acting on his own.
I was quite sure he wasn't in a mood of being mad, for he seemed to be at least
dysentery rather than very much. But, in all the years that I spent here in America,
and I do live now in the little land in which I am so longed to settle
with the rest, I know what he was like at last. It's very easy to picture things like this,
they're real. It was the last thing I ever wanted, and I couldn't let it be.
But I had to give it a pass, and that was that. The next thing I know, I think I was still in a very bad sort.
This is not the time yet, and I'll write about it until it comes out.

THE NEXT DAY, our little party was at work, and we had the best of it. But at last a little fire came out.
It had to do with my hair. I had a bit of hair to it, but I couldn't pull the fire out;
and I didn- I don't need to have it. I didn- I didn- I didn't need anything but a good bit of heat,
and a long time later I wasn't in so much pain, I just couldn't pull it out. I wasn- I didn- I didn- I couldn't pull it out, you know I hadn't had a chance.
And so I went out again and it didn- it went into my hair and burned a little. I came home again, and went up to the little fire again, and then some time later I found out
that it was a huge fire that hadn't lit so
