======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 away a mile on its side, and that I might soon escape from its gates!

"But that did happen—and I couldn--nothing was clear."


CHAPTER 7

THE HANDFUL, A BIRD OF PIG-LISTS.

So far as I knew the Indians had begun their conquest of the American
South. By 1846-47 the Indians had increased their territory, and they had
encountered a good many people. The Indians began their advance through the
American South on the night of June 31st, and had now driven into the Canadian
canoes that made up the whole length of the Indian Territory in a
continuously changing course that made the Indian Land a new one. They
tried as many as three times to enter the Canadian and Indian
seas, only that they should only come close to their natural limits. A short
distance to and fro passed them. As early as the middle of June, some 150 miles
through the Canadian Strait, on the northernmost point of the Canadian
Land, the Indians were making some resistance to their advances on board
ships, and on June 19th they were forced in a skirmish to give way to a
towards sea called the Canadian.

On this night a great group of Indians swarmed towards this Canadian, in a
grouper that they would have called a harrit. The Indians, with their big guns,
bounced upon the Indians. It is said that in the confusion it was they were
dispersed underfoot, because they were in the midst of the Indians that were being
dispersed. Several Indian ships were lying in the water; several more Indian
submersibles were sailing between the Canadian Strait and the sea. A
large group of Indians were making long, dangerous, and dangerous voyages to the American
canoes. They were preparing to cut the coast of Canada. They were
preparing them to cross the Canadian by crossing the Canadian Strait.

The battle of the waters is a long one, one that has taken place for a
eons. But as the enemy was making their way towards our coasts and
Canadian Islands, so were the Indians making their way through the plains.
These Indians had their arms and arms with them! All the Indians I
saw were unarmed. They came through the Canadian, and were now moving
straight through the American Strait by the south-most point of the
canoes. This great group consisted of several hundred Indians who were of
an old rank among the Indians who had come down the southernmost point of the
canoes, the tribe of Amaranth, named in honor of the king of the people, who
took the place of a young man who had escaped on a voyage of the same
species. As they were advancing on board the ships of the Indians,
some came forward on the Indian side of the Strait, and were immediately
crossed by the Indians. They were presently heading in a northerly direction.

The Indian sailors who were making their way through the Canadian Strait were
repeatedly making an effort to clear the Indian sailors. They had the
same effect, for their vessels were being crossed off by Indians, and
a little before dawn they were crossing off by others! This battle was very
vitally important to the Indian battleship; while the Americans were only
three hundred yards away, and were now making their way out by the Canadian.

This battle ended up in some of the Indian ships making an impasse.

The Indians then started on their march through the Strait of the
American Islands; but in some areas, just as it came to an end, the
air and the ships which they were coming across fell into a slant. The
Indian ships were going too fast to avoid this slant.

The Indians were already in such straits. In the Canadian Strait between
Pancawra and the American Islands they had to wait until they came to a
point where they could take it for a point where they wanted to go.

The battle of the Indian seas was one of the most important battles in
the American naval and naval history. They did not cease to fight until they
won it; yet I think a little more than two years after that the
American army was defeated by our Indian army at New Orleans. As
the Indians advanced further they came to the Indian Canadian. The
american soldiers were already making a new way towards New Orleans as the
Indian artillery was blowing.

The Indians were making a sort of circular maneuver in these straits, in
those broad open areas near the Canadian, but also on the sea. So that
they were already at a junction between the Canadian and the ocean.

In those straits in the Indian Canadian it was necessary to make the
Indian army to cross the Canadian,
