======== SAMPLE 1 ========
under
and I would have to go in search of the lost
creature.”
“And when I saw it again, I said to myself, for fear the creatures
were in my way,” I added. At the same time, however, I
did not see how the creatures could get away without having their
eyes open against the sun’s rays. Conseil, however, was
very thoughtful, and he told me he would go out and get his sight and
intelligence with him. That evening I went with Conseil and Pem
Francis to the village to-night, and went to a temple beside the river
in which we had seen the creature. I walked under a tree in a wood which
had been covered with moss for about a year; and at a certain
store I went into the wood again to look for the creature.

“I saw nothing, but there was quite a distance from it—it had no body
other than a skull, and all that I could see was its tail’s length
running to and fro. It seemed to be a man of enormous strength and
strength of frame. I think I had a few stones about me at that time
to throw at it, and it struck my nose into the sand; and the tail’s
head I felt, and the tail was gone. Then I went again
down into the wood, and found by the roadside the man who struck
it, and the creature on the tree. We went there, I believe, to get my
eye, and so returned to my own locality.

At the time the next incident took place, in the second year of
our acquaintance with the unknown beast, which, though I felt
a strange fascination with it, I could not help feeling a slight
dissociation. The man, who was in charge of the museum at the
conseil’s establishment, had been a patient patient, and in spite
of his patientity he and his companions were greatly disturbed; the
dinner was not so bad. My companions and I sat together on a bench at
a table under which the creature, without being seen, was seen, and at
some length I observed him standing up as a member of the party
was coming into the room. I saw that the man had seen me, and that
the creature, which seemed to be in a state of motion and motionless, was
motionless and immovable, at a distance of fifty yards or more.
Presently we were awakened by a sudden, distinct sound, and I was
not sure whether he was breathing. At this interval the man seemed to move
with a movement peculiar to that creature. It seemed to me that as the
litter became larger, the things in the room were moved nearer by a
different motion, and then suddenly I heard an exclamation of "Good
morning,” and the man went out of his way to take some fresh leaves and
stir them again among the plants. At first I did not see the creature coming
back to the house, and I thought he was gone. My companions went there
to see what was left, and in the afternoon my companions went away.

The next day I was again at home and took my eyes off the woman, and I
went and told her afterwards of the incident. This was a little after the
day had last elapsed, and I felt no real change in it.
I was, however, very disturbed by the sudden, distinct noise
of a human being, and I felt compelled to go into the room
where it was that the creature’s spirits had been perceived. I had
the intention of examining it, and the night after that I did it,
and we found that it was about eleven o’clock in the early
morning. My companions were at the window and sat at the edge of the
platform. I listened, then, to the voice on the night-table. I
found that it was a man. He was quite young, and in a very strange
state of agitation and trembling. He had a small white beard, and, with a
plump breast and great round of teeth, was about ten years of age.
I was, however, absolutely convinced of the existence of a body on
the tree-line in the woods by the bridge, and I was glad to have
it. His eyes, indeed, were bright, his teeth well-marked, and on the
outside, black fur was hanging a large portion of his face.

“Now, this was a man. He was very pale, he seemed very small, and all was
white. But his eyes were dark and keen. A few impressions of a
nasty shape formed in them, but, in the absence of any obvious facial

