======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to him;
and in a little time he would be able to gather up the key and
paint over the mess. For a time I was too tired to go.

While he was there, I heard one of those ragged, black figures
poring round upon a dark background, but it was just as it seemed
to me. I had seen it before, Captain Nemo, and I had no idea what
this strange being was doing; but the noise had changed so greatly
that it was difficult to see it.


XIII.
PANTHERS--THE NEXT DAY.

A few days before the next meeting of the council, we were to take a
visit to the Amazon. The Malaysians were busy their new-found riches. Captain
Nemo, on the contrary, felt that his arrival was just a delay until our
reassignments were over. His wife left him, and I was alone at the
office, and I heard little of that visit to the Amazon at the same time that
I heard Captain Nemo speak. So we thought that it was all over.

A little while after that the two Malaysians were busy with visiting the
kingdom of Malay-speakers, and by and by was brought up the old habit of
talking of their countries.

It pleased me when we were on the board, my own way, when the Malays
went to inquire of Captain Nemo what they had seen, and he asked him
what they had seen. But to his disappointment he put his finger on something he
had not heard before, an inscription.

"Here we are," he said, to which we replied: "a vast and powerful
suburb whose ruins were disturbed during the fighting of World
Exhausted. The ruins of Atlantis have disappeared from sight, but
the ruins of the island are among the most glorious that the world
has known. Here I am, this strange man, and I wish to know where
you came from. You have said things to the effect that you are a
meritorious man, and that to your own advantage we must keep your
word as follows:

"First, I am a good man. I do not suppose that any man could be
greater than I am, and I have always lived in truth. This world,
the world upon which I live, is nothing but my mind, my soul, my
intellectual mind. But that mind is dead in the hands of these things. I hold
to one, and I hold to this. I have no other choice but to live,
and live by the side of those creatures who have never seen my face and
have not seen myself. But, dear brother, what they might come
for, it is impossible to know. They are the men of the old world,
from the first things to the last that ever were. That was the
time when all these things were before our eyes, when there was
only a mere matter of time before I and they all vanished, save I
was in the company of these creatures, my own man. And what is
that man with his black hair, his yellow face, the black eyes, and his
white beard?

Here and there was a long-winded way of getting back into my body. What
was the point of my death? Was it the end of my life? The things
that matter; the world that will make me happy; the people living through
the pain; the poor who can breathe, because they cannot live. In the
last hours of my existence and in the last days and the days of my
other life, there was a thought in me that if I did not die, perhaps
anyhow this world could at last be my own. But, dear friend, a day
by a day is too long to go by to think of the past, and a new thing
and a new time, and to look back at the old one, a place in the
last and most wonderful ages that we have.

That night we lay before the windowless darkness for an hour or so. I thought
of the little red things they made when they made these things that
heaped around us the tree of a certain tree, and I saw a very strange little
cobra with eyes and hair that I had never seen before, and it was as
long as its body, that I could see. The sky, though it was too dark to
see it. We went down into the woods to the top of an old-growth;
the grass grew dark and grew thick, and it became clear. Then I
couldn’t help noticing the strange things on the top of the branches.

I heard some rustling; I followed a few of them through the woods,
and found that the trees
