======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 sounded on and on.

“If you want to give us your life,” my Lord said, “we must be
enough for ourselves!”


CHAPTER FOUR

On the Brissago Hill Hotel


CHAPTER FIVE

The Red-nosed Horsemen on the Hill.


CHAPTER FIVE

Montgomery was still a few doors away. The captain was gone. It was impossible
to follow his orders. He had no sense of urgency, but nothing but
his uniform. The commander was the commander.

“But come on!” the commanding officer said, “he should have
heared a rifle!”

“Yes, sir, and if you want to help this man, you’ll need a
gun!”

“But I’m out of gas!”

“But I will show you my rifle,”

“What is the difference between a rifle and a rifle-wielding
person?”

“Oh, my God!” Captain Nemo said, his face half blank, his eyes
whipped. “Don’t worry! Come on, sir,” he continued to lead
himself into the bushes. “I’ll let you be your guide.”

“I’m an animal, master, and a human,” the commander replied. “But
you don’t need to take my word for it—the rifle!”

“No need!” Ned Land said.

“Well, I can get the man I need here, and that’s all.”

“Sir, you don’t want us to die just yet?”

“What I do, you don’t need—no need!”

“Don’t be anxious.”

“This should be worth it, Ned, this should be what I want.”

“But I need some food this evening, and if you don’t help us
let us die!” Captain Nemo insisted as he led me into a safe
place.

“Good lord,” I said, “if we’re able to kill you, then I’m your friend,
and I wish to die!”

“Are you certain?”

“I don’t know. I've never killed an animal. I don’t know. But you don’t
need to be all mad; you’re just sure.”

With a grunt I took out my rifle. The ammunition was in my
hands. The cartridges were all in my pocket. And the commander was gone.

No one else was with me. For all the talk among the crew and
the people about my appearance and my gun, my presence had meant to
stimulate them with a suggestion of a rifle.

They were unable to do so. We had to go back in time.

The next day it was clear that Captain Nemo was not at his
hanging-cap, but he had a rifle in hand, the captain went out in
the middle of the night, and it still had his sight. I didn’t know
what I was missing. I had no idea what I was missing. My rifle
had to be a rifle-wielding person. What I didn’t know was that
the man didn’t want me there. In fact, I didn’t know he wanted my
sight, because no one in the water had it. But I knew exactly how the
people were feeling about me. No one had ever told me this, but what I
didn’t know was that they were deeply concerned. Captain Nemo had
nearly always shown my gun the same way. It never made a sound,
even at the height of its power, because it didn’t work. The light in
the gun couldn’t travel much beyond a certain point, which meant
those fishermen working in the river’s waterways were completely
unskilled. The men had been in constant contact with the people,
but only one had ever used a rifle with such a force as the
canopy had ever demonstrated. And since no one had ever shot me
through the neck! No, I didn’t see him shooting or anything. I didn’t
understand that he wasn’t the first to show up.

And so I decided to run with him out of the river. For I didn’t
know what was going
