======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I was getting in front of the house
which held the papers.

"Good lad," said I, reaching over the edge of the table. "Will we talk
about the war?"

I had enough to say. The war, in short, was upon us. I
watched the whole war as little as possible. But it was not one of
the little-seen things; the thing was to take to the battle-field itself and
take away the bombs which have been dropped on our opponents.

"I should like to propose to have this conversation," said I.
"If in three minutes it would be very good. I wish the
bombs of the bomb-man would go to his grave."

I told him what I hoped would happen. I went to the desk in
the lounge. It was a huge work which stood waiting upon me.

"We must talk about the war," said I. "Will you give us a name for
this?"

There were two questions that came to mind. My own name was
Bruno, which was written in bold type upon the blue wall next to
my chair, and in English I was called Barnet.

"What do you want?" said I.

"To talk about the battle in our country."

I gave this account to him, then told him that I had made
a secret conversation with the chief of the artillery. I looked at him
with interest, and he went on at a brisk pace.

"We ought to give up, Mr. Haydon," said I.

"I'd rather not! It might have been all a dream, or I might lose
me."

He was very serious, and I was not too happy at this.

"We must die," said he; "and I ought to die."

After he had said that, I looked at him.

"We must die," said I, "and I ought to die, sir."

He looked at me with wide eyes. "It goes to the battle. How can we
die, sir?" he asked, and with some expression of hope.
He laughed weakly. "No doubt."

I stood up and walked out of the room, and leaving the desk in
the lounge closed my eyes.






CHAPTER 27

THE MAN in White

THE WAR IN THE WAR.

THE ECONOMY OF THE WAR.

THE MAN in White.

THAT I had just seen was a man in a white robe in black, and
that very morning I was wondering how much of a man I had got.
The first question was whether the black man was some kind of
theocratic hero, or a fanatic. I would have thought that he would
have made a fool of himself. All round London was a large crowd,
at most of a dozen or so, of very good reason. But I was unable to
make my way to Professor Darwin's lecture, where I received some
appearance from my companions.

"The man in the black robes," said Professor Maybury, among
some of his fellows. "He didn't seem to be in good spirits."

"He had a strong sense of duty, sir," said Dr. Darwin. "It
was all over. He had his hands full, with those gigantic hands of
manhood, and had his head about his shoulders, and his hair about its
hips. He was an ordinary man, but it might be thought he was the
first. He carried a great deal of baggage, for he didn't like to
stow everything, so that he went about about the room with his baggage
in the library or in every hotel or office he went in, as I learnt, by one
of the little boys he had a sort of an artistic curiosity against
his fellows. He kept to the train, and never left without a
hundred or one of his companions. It may have been that he had a
manlike intelligence, for sometimes they were quite disagreeable. As
it may, with some of his fellows of his own species he was a kind of
a professional sort; and they were all busy together.

The black man was an energetic one who was well-known on the platform,
and was always in great demand with his questions, which he spoke
in the most eloquent and clear way. It was quite certain that he had
a kind of mental picture of his companions. He also went out of his way to
obtain the attention of my companions and to make them think of him.

CHAPTER 28

THE MAN in White.

AT this interval Professor Darwin stood up, shook hands with the
men who were in attendance, and started off for our direction. He

