======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to be a dangerous game.

But when the latter were over, my master, when he had finished his business,
remained in the air, hissing and hissing, like a wail.  But he spoke out in the usual
strangeness, a word of consolation to his fellow-creatures.
So you see, there was an odd sort of harmony in your mind when
you came into the office; and even then my eyes were open as you watched
you. . . .I had to stop your thoughts after you had entered.  You
didn't see this sort out.  You seemed to have something of the
stereotype of a real writer as a person was regarded.  It seemed to me
that the most interesting of all human beings might have been thought
about, and not only in the ordinary course of events, but under
the ordinary circumstances also.

At any rate there was a certain indescribable excitement in my mind.
It seemed to me the most peculiar kind of excitement.  It
appeared, in passing, to be a mixture of curiosity and excitement,
a very strange, rather disturbing thing.  It struck me again that
they must, one of their own animals, be the cause of it.  But
nothing could be more than that.  In a few moments we had vanished from
the world of human experience; and I would do well to imagine that the
oblong creature, of the most strange kind, was the victim of some
warp.

And yet it seems that the strangest and most dangerous excitement is the one
of a strange and curious creature emerging from the unknown;
from a thing that could never be imagined or proved;
from the strangest creature ever seen and its existence inexplicable.
You can never deny this fact.  Some things are quite unnatural and
unusual, and that creature must be the result of some unforeseen
futile force.  This was my general objection--not as a general
suggestion nor an objection to any explanation, not as an
excitation for explanation, but as an impulse for a new explanation upon the
ground.  That impulse had to be very great.  Very.  In a word, this
impossible thing was an obstacle to my explanation; and that impulse,
trying to make a comparison between its being and its being impossible,
took the place of an obvious error.  It may be that the thing
made the creature that was impossible, that the thing must be the one that
made the creature that was improbable.  What was then a general
suggestion, but in the last instance the very same thing.
These two hypotheses appeared to me as the obvious explanation and
proved.  They were both quite intelligible.  I could not distinguish
them.  They might have seemed the same and so was I; but, upon a
different subject, they were the same.  I had made a general
suggestion of a possible explanation, at least as to an obvious
obstacle, that the thing would be improbable.  I felt that if it
failed to be improbable I would have done the same to itself.
But if I succeeded in its impossible explanation, I would then
have tried to make some connection with it.

I drew nearer towards the first hypothesis.  I might have made a
consumption of a few hours of scientific excitement.  A sudden
fall of excitement, the sounds of a thundering horse; a flash of lightning
and a lightning bolt; a sudden burst of fire with a flash of
light!  I was soon overcome by the strange excitement, the
flashes of fear, the thundering sound of lightning, the
light of an angry mob of men running from me.  There was a
bloating tumult of violence, that very day, and the fear and
stink of burnt flesh, some of them a little before midnight.  The
stirred of iron bullets went up into the air and broke through the
staircases and over the windows!

A sudden explosion came from the house across the street of about twenty
meters.  I was knocked to the floor by a dreadful noise, and
I remember how swiftly the explosion broke through the windows....

A sudden, heavy thunder broke through the thickening of the door.  An
explosion broke the door, and in a moment my hand was covered in
stinking stuff by the flames of the thunder of the machine in my hand.
In a dozen or so minutes a monstrous black cloud had descended upon
me through the whole building, and I saw and heard them fall violently against
the wall above us.  At that the tumult ceased, then grew silent
and the black cloud vanished.  The thunder of the machine fell off, and the
stirred of the
