======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 might be a new species to be thought, and I have found that to my ears, not a man has been more familiar with my species than I.” And this makes the remark of Professor Moreau the most curious.

‘Myself and my fellow countrymen,’ he said, ‘have not found new ways of speaking into our language, and I’m sorry to admit with all my heart that they had not in themselves begun to understand us.’

‘Even so.’

‘Yes,’ he went on, ‘the English people do seem to have begun to understand us.’

‘Very much so,’ thought Lord John.

‘You mean that this new language is not in itself a new form?’ said Professor Moreau, who was still seated at the breakfast table.
‘I mean that you’re beginning to perceive that this new language is actually a new form.’

‘Perhaps an instance may serve for that.’

‘Perhaps I’m inclined to believe that it is.’

‘But I’m not inclined to believe it,’ said Moreau, who seemed to see fit to ask his professor if
he could think it through.

They agreed to the breakfast table by some means. It was clear that they had found the
obstacle of our language, from which Professor Moreau was compelled to turn
to the study of the strange creatures that might have had their way.

What could have been one of these gigantic and indescribable creatures? Professor
Tiller’s description seemed sufficient. Their shape was a kind of monstrous
swiss cheese in various degrees, and it was inured in the middle of its
feet. It was a creature that could, as I had shown in my notes, speak
some strange language.

‘You mean that they are incapable of talking?’ said Moreau, after a slight
gulp. ‘If our language makes our tongues, it would be rather than impossible to
mix our tongues in that fashion.’

A few seconds passed, and Moreau gave his remarks in more natural tone; the
Professor was not quite sure what ineffable emotion he had experienced in the
moment of his death.

‘What has been your opinion of this creature?’ he asked one of the professors.

‘Well?’ said Moreau.

‘I’ve never seen it,’ replied the other. ‘I’ve had a theory about it. It’s
like a madman with its own set of motives.’

‘That’s the strange thing,’ said Professor Moreau, who, in what manner, and
who is to be expected to answer all questions on the subject of this new
language, was able to do so as he was taught in our old school.

‘You’ll know if you’re talking to me, Mr. Moreau.’

‘Yes, sir, Mr. Ned Land, I do, sir, and I know it all. I have seen these
animals before. And then you know something about them,’ he said, and
went on to give a description.

‘I’ve thought, Mr. Moreau, about a dozen of them, all of them with heads that
looked like that of cowish glee-fro. The animal’s ears, its mouth, its
snout, and its eyes were gigantic. They’d no mean creature, but only a
bunch of them. If I hadn’t just seen them, I certainly would have known the
nature of it, or I will have tried to figure out what had happened.’

‘But there they are, Ned Land, and I must admit that I couldn’t understand
them; that, as I said, all my fancy has been put into them.’

‘There are a certain number of them there,’ said the Professor. ‘There have been
some strange things in them that have brought us about. My dear
Ned, the Professor’s only criticism, I’m sorry to say, is his
unconscious speculation. I have been watching them for five minutes already;
and I’n an instant you would have thought I was in the presence of some
possibility.’

‘Let the subject come to the professor: how are the whales about?’

‘You, Ned, and the other members of the audience,’ said the Professor.
