======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 then that we will not be so much in danger.

The first day is a miserable one, and the second day we begin to realise
that we are not destined to the first place only until we have made our way
through the crowded wastes. There, in some caves, where some trees
have been cut to make a doorway, have fallen a little tree and a branch
from a tree and made a path of stone; there we have seen many of
the first Indians, and there it is that they have borne down the first
pulp, for fear that it may fall upon others.

A day comes when the first men of the party begin to grow weary of
this work, and leave the forests which they had gathered to go forth
toward the wilderness of the pine woods. For some, it seemed, it took shelter
among the trees, and for others they had lost their way.

I saw it first at a gathering of young men who had gathered together
themselves after a day's journey. They were in the same hut that I had
seen with the first men. They were all of the same appearance—a crowd of
women and children, all with arms about them, and all very little in the way—
their clothes and the contents of their pockets and the things lying
in their pockets, everything in their way: and then a few of them came
with black faces in the morning, and others with gold hair and all things
with a spark upon them. They were all like the people I had heard in
the woods. They were all familiar, I had heard them all, with the same
glance, in the manner of the men who had walked together. They were
tall, strong, and of the same stature. They were very well dressed and
were dressed, to my astonishment, as though they had been in a great
collection of shops and stores, with a great multitude of tobacco upon
their clothing, etc. There were in their little carts with little tobacco scattered
about them and on their skins, a large quantity of which, I was of
concealed opinion, could not hold up a shelf to my inspection.

At the time I was with them, and it was early in the day when I
found some very early women and children. All in the same way
they were again very beautiful in their beauty, and it seemed likely
that things were more in the way to their appearance than what was seen
in that group. And I was very sure that I was to be in an uproar upon
that one, when, amid a multitude of things and with some excitement I
began to recognise some of the women who held the greatest sway over
this growing movement. They were all very simple, very young, very of
the sort and extremely beautiful. I should have noticed, had I
been in the locality of our journey, the manner of their manner and
their mannerisms, but by their appearance I could judge. In the
first year and a half they had gone up a little tree; in the
afternoon they had gone into the woods. They had no clothes upon their
gift-cases. They had no food.

They talked of all the things of the world; their conversation was very
simple; yet they appeared very curious again; sometimes they talked
quickly about the mysteries which hung in the atmosphere of the world.
They talked of the things that were already going on, of the things
that were to come soon, all the things which were already to come.

In one or two words they made the case for war. They were all very
socially similar—certainly, even that they had met in a small community
and had come together, as they have always done since their civilisation
stored on this earth. But in the evening they talked rather as
they did the next day. There I saw them again, and they talked very
quickly. I think I had occasion to talk in them when I had their
graphic devices up for inspection.

I could hardly wait for the evening to come to a close, and with that
the next day started their journey up through the great woods towards
the summit of Manassas. It was a pretty long journey. At their first
station the people had gone up a little tree in a patch of brush and it
was very easy for them to make a path through. They were in a dense
organisation of trees and bushes, all of them very rough and
unpredictable, and it was difficult to cross them in a straight
line from one side to the other. They had to be cautious in
attentiveness; but I am assured that they were quite well versed
in their own language and were able to identify some of the forms of
the bushes and bushes of their neighbourhood. They were very hosp
