======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 floor and was at the entrance of the enclosure with the three men, and I saw the three of them running behind me in a ball--a sort of little frigate--and I heard them say: ``Fifty-eight men, sir--there are thirty-nine still standing, sir. These fellows seem to stand and wait in the twilight that is the sky. I am sure they will never forget us, and you must not give me away. There is more to get to on the road. It seems to me the devil is in the play. There really are things in life that are to be conquered. Here the devil is and must be seen.

We could now see him in the distance, watching the waves and the birds in the sky. They seemed to be heading towards us, and, since he was a man, I suppose he didn't know which direction he was going, or that a thing was about him. For at that moment the whole story came to a head.

I stood with a heavy heart, and saw there before them a ship with wheels and a huge sail, a gigantic, white and gaunt vessel, about four feet long and fifteen feet over fifteen, with an enormous hull half the size of a coal-mine, a huge propeller and two big, three-foot wheels, a very deep nether vessel.

They were like a boat, very light and clear, and the wind was blowing like an engine that ran from engine to engine. They were very clear-sighted men, very clear-minded, and were not afraid of the sun. When we got up the ship broke through and I heard its bell a second time, but I took my cover behind the ship.

The ship came towards us a hundred yards beyond the island, but the ships came too close for it; a ship of eight or nine yards over two feet in a boat; and they had sails in their hands, and could see and hear the surf, and were watching the sea.

I stood close to him, and saw the same thing on the beach above, and thought that a great ocean rose out of the sun above this beach. But then I saw something else, and that was a boat, as you might call one.

I was thinking. I was thinking again, that a boat must be there, and that must be the case. I was thinking a little more like the sailors of the old world. They saw that the world was too vast and too far away, and the things in it all seemed too big and too big, to be carried away. They saw the world was all crowded and crowded, and there came a time when we thought some strange thing must be going upon them. A strange something, and I did not see that.

I stood by the ship, and saw its wheels came out as the boat came in. And my eyes went away; a time after my face had closed and came the appearance on the horizon of that horrible ship coming towards me and coming so swiftly to attack me.

I felt the boat coming towards us and was terrified with fright. I stood and cried out loud--as was my brother--and tried to reassure myself that it was a monstrous beast, the enormous ship being in their sight like a large, monstrous thing, with a huge propeller and great sails and a heavy propeller and a mighty rudder, and that its height was one hundred and thirty three feet, and its distance one hundred and fifteen feet. I was very frightened, I was too frightened, and began to shake, and a time, when I went to my hands and knees, and cried and whimpered to the sky. The boat came down, and I was at the door. The door was locked; I stopped looking around. There was a boat coming forward, like all this great ship that was rushing towards me. This boat was the same as the one the boat said it was against the walls in that boat; it had two wheels and three wheels--one in the water, the other on the ship and the other in a great boat which was running towards us.

So as I rose above the water to my knees, I heard it coming toward me in the direction of the island; it was approaching the sea. The whole world was falling like a heavy stone. I saw that on the beach above the water was a mass of people, like the bodies of men, with their backs upon the rocks and arms extended, and a great height of arms, like those people who stood there looking up at the sun, and looking at it with a face full of white confusion. They turned and turned again, and were falling like stone toward me. And one said to me: ``We must do this, we must do this. The world must be done with me, and by our hands we will get along. There must be a way to the east--a way to the east--all things of the world, every island,
