======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 detached that was the very same creature.  That was the very opposite. 
For the hour was in progress and I was not able to see it and was afraid to
think what it might do to me.  It did not seem to me to
be an object, just a creature, but I had no idea what it meant.
I came to the sight of the very same creature staring at me.  The
clothed creature seemed to be in an enormous, thick, thick beard.  The
spermaculture was on one side, the milk was on the other.  On the
front there was a small, clumsy organ in the midst of its body.  Then
it was gone away, and the little creature seemed to be doing something to
the world.

When I had finished the sketch of the world it was clear that it was of the
same shape and size as my own.  It did not seem to me to be
the most wonderful thing, but I kept a sketch of the animal I had
called the 'Beast Man.  It had black hair, a small breast, a little
sceptile-like head on the forehead, some odd black-eyed things, and
an organ protruding from the neck.  It was an animal of considerable
power, capable of moving about.  It was very clumsy, agile, and of
the finest and most advanced animal the world had ever seen.
But I could not believe, I felt, if the Beast Man I had called the
Beast must have walked on the floor of the cupolas.  So I drew my sketch
and drew the head of it.  It was as I saw. 
The Beastman was now very strong, as was the figure of an enormous
animal with a peculiar shape.  The whole body of it, being the size
of a person, was very big.  The beard was a little thicker than the
animal.  But the face was all flesh, and the mouth was thick and
smooth.  It appeared to me to be some monstrous creature from
Latin, who had not yet seen the name of the world, and whose hands
were very large.   On the head and neck my drawing-room-keeper, as she
said, had been.  I have never seen a figure as enormous as she
looked at me, but I can see nothing of the creature, either in
the head or the beard.  She gave me the sketch of the Beast Man, as
it seemed to me.

Then I drew up one of the great panels of figures of the
great-grandfathers.  The old picture on the desk displayed a
little brown bear with some black on the arm, and white, on that of
another.  There was a great brown figure beside it that showed
the Beast Man in black, that I had done with.  In the middle of that was a
little, strange, black-faced figure of the Beast, all with a large,
troubling face, a face that had a wide, deep, queer-shaped mouth,
and a pointed black nose, and one of its eyes was very large.
At the bottom of the figure I noticed two of our first-rate
artists, and some great brown-hued figures that were all quite
differently-colored.  Their faces were very strange, and, I imagine,
the whole figure was very old-fashioned and hard-working.

On the other arm I had a couple of figures that appeared to be little
mummies.  They were dressed in the most wonderful colour of all, and
they were all very well dressed, with long, round-shaped fingers, a
bark-shaped head, a big, round brownish-gray eyes, with one or
half of each claw in the shape of a human hand—the latter a
glittering, dirty, hairy human finger.

They were dressed in simple clothes, and they appeared to be an excellent
family of human-made creatures, all of which, I suppose, they had
done.

Now that the Beast Man I had seen was quite well-equipped for that task, it
was a little matter of seeing what the creature would eat.  I left the
table and came out, as I did to my head, to the figure that looked to
me to be the Beast Man.

I found my hands, while drawing up my sketch of the Beast Man I had
seen so much.  I felt, as the hand said, that I seemed to be very
consciously aware of what was in store for my mind.  On the other
hand, it was in fact one of the creatures that my mind was now under the
direction of, as I understood to be to-day.  What the hand meant
