======== SAMPLE 1 ========


A number of people have had to come home early because the building is located over a mile apart from the water, and in some cases, the water has been so polluted that a boat or boat liner has to be put into the water. It is a serious inconvenience that the government is unwilling to address the problem of this.

What can be taken as "no more than a nuisance" has to be answered, so far as we can see, by a general proposition that, even more so, the public have a right not to drink or drink freely, and that this is one of the rights of free people, and that it is wrong for any person to drink that one's share. It is certainly the right of freedom, but the principle of property, of the rule of law, of individual self-determination which a state in the hands of a few must necessarily have for that specific use and pleasure which constitutes the public interest.

That would be the right of all to their own personal happiness, of this is the freedom of the individual to live as he wishes; and it is just that freedom which is due to no one in the public world of human beings, and which is of no less political significance to our times.

The fact of the matter, of course, is that our country is a nation with its own political and economic situation in which freedom of decision has not been a subject to the state. No one can control where this is done.

The right to free and efficient communication is by no means universal, and indeed in the world of modern nations is a farce. Nevertheless, with or without a public authority, it will continue to be an object of serious concern. This has been the point at which the European treaties of the 1880's and 1890's in particular were carried into force; and it has also been a point in the European-American discussions of the early history of the new American continent that we are at the period, beginning in 1892, or the year 1884, when, in this respect, the treaties of that same year, and in the years that followed them, stood as an important document in advancing freedom.

Our European Union came into existence as a way of extending the rights of this people, to be given to all, without regard to their social or economic history. This is true of our European Union, for the purposes of that union, its principles are the very principles for which the European Union as well as others are founded.

In the end that is in harmony with that national interest which was at the foundation of all European Union history. To my mind, this interest which had been the keystone for some time must be revived.

And if it were so, as some are saying, then the European Union's interest was first with those things which were most important in the life of these people and to those nations in the south and east from which they came.

Those are things that we know to be deeply important and are bound to have important effects in a great many different ways.

There are many things that make us feel and act in similar terms, in this sense, or in any other sense.

Among those things we must remember is that, the years that follow through these treaties, these agreements, were signed by the people upon each of the seven continents. We were at that time a very small number upon that continent.

When those treaty and those of the 1891-1893 Atlantic Treaty concluded, these agreements were signed by over a hundred, thirty-five countries of the world. They were of an average size of forty to thirty in length,—nine or ten per cent of the total population. Those of that people were to be taken into consideration in these negotiations, and that part of the population was to be given the opportunity for a greater right of the individual to freely participate in the public affairs of the world.

We would have to be very careful to remember, that our European Union—which we may call our European Union on the whole—is not a single one. It is a whole federation of two or three European States.

But the other thing, which is one of the chief problems in European Union history, which still exists only now in so many different ways, for several reasons, is that the European Union is a whole federation. The two European States, as a whole, are united in a common history, and the European Union, to this day, has all the means but the means to meet all the needs and to solve all the problems which all European States face. For this reason I am very much in favor of the existence of this national organization, and I would also, I believe it is important, in other people's words, in every state.

So a European Union can exist only for one and only one nation, and one nation can exist only for Europe and not for any country.

But it is still more important that this national organization be able to carry
